									 Devmel SDK
								Terms and conditions

	1.	Preamble: These license terms are between You (hereinafter: Licensee) 
		and Devmel (hereinafter: Licensor) regarding Your use of the Devmel SDK 
		(Software Development Kit) and any associated files made available by 
		Devmel (hereinafter: The Software) created and owned by Licensor, as 
		detailed herein.

	2.	License Grant: Licensor hereby grants Licensee a Personal, Non-assignable 
		& non-transferable, Perpetual, Commercial, Royalty free, Without the rights 
		to create derivative works, Non-exclusive license, all with accordance with 
		the terms set forth and other legal restrictions set forth in 3rd party 
		software used while running Software.

		2.1	Limited: Licensee may use Software for the purpose of:
			2.1.1	Running Software on Licensee’s devices;
			2.1.2	Allowing 3rd Parties to run Software on devices;
			2.1.3	Publishing Software’s output to Licensee and 3rd Parties;
			2.1.4	Distribute verbatim copies of Software’s output (including 
					compiled binaries);

		2.2	This license is granted perpetually, as long as you do not materially 
			breach it.
			
		2.3	Binary Restricted: Licensee may sublicense Software as a part of a larger 
			work containing more than Software, distributed solely in Object or Binary 
			form under a personal, non-sublicensable, limited license. Such 
			redistribution shall be limited to unlimited codebases.
			
		2.4	Non Assignable & Non-Transferable: Licensee may not assign or transfer 
			his rights and duties under this license.

		2.5	Commercial, Royalty Free: Licensee may use Software for any purpose, 
			including paid-services, without any royalties
			
	3.	Upgrades, Updates and Fixes: Licensor may provide Licensee, from time to time, 
		with Upgrades, Updates or Fixes, as detailed herein and according to his sole 
		discretion. Licensee hereby warrants to keep The Software up-to-date and 
		install all relevant updates and fixes. Licensor shall provide any update or 
		Fix free of charge; however, nothing in this Agreement shall require Licensor 
		to provide Updates or Fixes.

	4.	Support: Software is provided under an AS-IS basis and without any support, 
		updates or maintenance. Nothing in this Agreement shall require Licensor to 
		provide Licensee with support or fixes to any bug, failure, mis-performance 
		or other defect in The Software.
		
	5.	Governing Law, Jurisdiction: Licensee hereby agrees not to initiate class-action 
		lawsuits against Licensor in relation to this license and to compensate Licensor 
		for any legal fees, cost or attorney fees should any claim brought by Licensee 
		against Licensor be denied, in part or in full.
